docs(ws): add usage for setMessageParser method (#3141)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/websockets/adapter.md

> info **Hint** The `WsAdapter` is imported from `@nestjs/platform-ws`.

> The `wsAdapter` can only route messages in the `{{ '{' }} event: string, data: any {{ '}' }}` format. If you need to receive and process messages in other formats, you should set up an appropriate message parser to convert the messages into the `{{ '{' }} event: string, data: any {{ '}' }}` format.
> 
> ```typescript
> const wsAdapter = new WsAdapter(app, {
>   // to process [event, data] format messages
>   messageParser: (data) => {
>     const [event, payload] = JSON.parse(data.toString());
>     return { event, data: payload };
>   },
> });
> ```
> 
> You can also set up after the adapter is created using the `setMessageParser` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wsAdapter` is designed to handle messages in the `{{ '{' }} event: string, data: any {{ '}' }}` format. If you need to receive and process messages in a different format, you'll need to configure a message parser to convert them into this required format.

```typescript
const wsAdapter = new WsAdapter(app, {
  // To handle messages in the [event, data] format
  messageParser: (data) => {
    const [event, payload] = JSON.parse(data.toString());
    return { event, data: payload };
  },
});
```

Alternatively, you can configure the message parser after the adapter is created by using the `setMessageParser` method.
```
